# VaultFi Liquidity Vaults

A vault is a smart contract account that gives the account owner more flexibility around their staked tokens.

As more stakers manage their assets using vaults, it creates a more distributed stakeholder base, which increases overall network security.

&nbsp;

## What You Get as a Vault Owner

1. **Manage Your Staked Tokens**: From your vault, you can carry out standard staking operations like `Delegate`, `Redelegate`, `Undelegate`, and `ClaimDelegatorRewards`.
2. **Transfer Vault Ownership**: Transfer ownership to a new user, which is especially useful when moving staked assets between entities.
3. **Withdraw Vault Balance**: Withdraw the vault balance to your EOA or another address of your choice.
4. **Request USDC Liquidity**: Use the staked tokens held in the vault as collateral to request $USDC liquidity.
5. **Vote on Proposals**: Use the staked assets in the vault to vote on active proposals.

&nbsp;

## Types of Liquidity Requests You Can Open as a Vault Owner

&nbsp;

### Fixed-term Rentals

Bob owns a vault with 100k $TOKENS staked, earning roughly 1,000 $TOKENS per month.

Bob requests $2,800 USDC.

In exchange, the liquidity provider gets to claim the staking rewards generated by the vault for the next 90 days, which may also include access to voting rights for the liquidity provider.

&nbsp;

### Fixed-interest Rentals

Bob owns a vault with 100k $TOKENS staked, earning roughly 1,000 $TOKENS per month.

Bob requests $2,800 USDC.

In exchange, the liquidity provider gets to claim 3,000 $TOKENS generated by the vault over time, before full ownership of the vault is returned to Bob, which may also include access to voting rights for the liquidity provider.

&nbsp;

### Fixed-term Loans

Bob owns a vault with 100k $TOKENS staked, earning roughly 1,000 $TOKENS per month.

Bob requests $30,000 USDC, to be paid back after 90 days with $500 USDC in interest.

If Bob defaults on the loan, the lender will claim a certain amount of the underlying $TOKENS held in the vault specified as collateral.

&nbsp;

## Who Can Fund Liquidity Requests?

1. **Individuals**: Those with $USDC liquidity interested in trading with a vault owner.
2. **DAOs**: Managing $USDC as part of their investment strategy, lending to vault owners.
3. **Institutions**: Lending to vault owners as part of their investment strategy.

